cover letter template

PARAGRAPH 1

I decided to enter the engineering profession because I firmly believe the most positive way to impact our world is to build.
I began my university education with the intention of working in the field of research and development. 
This is because I am a firm believer that the surest way to positively impact our world is the creation of new technologies.
	Your corporation's work on the Canadarm is a shining example of the type of work that needs to be done to bring us into the world of tomorrow.
	What keeps increasing this world's interconnectivity is the work of firms like yours, and the work of corporations like your push us into the future. 
	The ubiquity of your company's products, as well as the breadth of the products it develops leads me to believe that your company is a great
	place to learn and gain experience. 
I believe that my 
	programming and scripting skills
	experience developing functional systems
	experience developing for embedded systems
	experience circuit prototyping
	knowledge of 
	semiconductor and RF fundamentals 
	MATLAB, image processing, and GUI development
	software development for microcontrollers 
make me a good fit for this position.

PARAGRAPH 2

COMMON
In all my co-op positions I have been required to learn and utilise new hardware and software. 
All development involved the process of planning, analysis of behaviour, troubleshooting, debugging, and iteration. 
In addition, each functional iteration was commited to a GIT repository for both accessibility from the network and backing up previous work for roll-backs.
Throughout both my time at university and working at my various co-op positions, I have had to do quick prototyping using breadboards and 
breakout boards to test the behaviour of the circuitry.

CLASS WORK
In my final year project, my team and I developed an Altera DE2 board-based solution for the control system for a scanning electron microscope,
which communicated to a host PC via RS-232, and a Nios II soft processor programmed in C was used to handle communication.

UBC WITH CARL MICHAL
I learned to use the Arduino micro-controller, the Linux operating system, and various Python modules simultaneously. 
I was tasked with the development of the code controlling a mini-MRI machine, which was written in C, C++ and Python.
The work involved creating a GUI using PyGTK, which is an open-source toolkit. The position also required work to be done in Gentoo, a Linux-based OS. 
It was required for the microcontroller to communicate with an external device through the USB pseudo-UART to a PC.

EPIC 3D TECH
I was tasked with use of the Arduino during my work term with Epic 3D Tech, where it was used to control an automated 3D camera rig with stepper motors.
I was tasked with the control of an automated 3D camera rig, where the rig was manipulated by four stepper motors.
This was achieved by powering the motors with a H-bridge circuit, and having a tracked position with a calibrating microswitch and 
programatically tracked with an Arduino microcontroller.
At Epic 3D Tech, I have been tasked with the development of control modules.
The development involved the process of planning, analysis of behaviour, troubleshooting, debugging, and iteration. 
I have also taken a university course pertaining to RF antennae and propagation, giving me the knowledge of the RF fundamentals.
It was required for the microcontroller to communicate with an external device through the 2 pin UART to a Bluetooth transmitter/receiver 

HRI-JP
During my work term at Honda Research Institute, one task I completed was the detection of an object's position in space, which I achieved by applying
a spherical marker and using OpenCV to process the input image.
Another task I was assigned at Honda was the processing of data collected, which was done in MATLAB.

PARAGRAPH 3

As an individual I have had a track record of being enthusiastic while being even keeled. 
I am proavtive in bridging gaps in my knowledge and skills, and am motivated by learning new things.
As an engineering student, I have been subject to many short-term as well as term-length projects.
In many of these projects, I have had to present the results of the project before my peers and instructors.
Through the course of my time as a student, I have had to write many essays, proposals, reports and memoranda, giving me a deal of experience in writing.
Thank you for taking the time to read this cover letter.
I look forward to further discussing my qualifications with you in person.