Schneider Electric

Re: Firmware Developer Position - 001CNE

I decided to enter the engineering profession because I firmly believe the most positive way to impact our world is to build.
This is because I am a firm believer that the surest way to positively impact our world is the creation of new technologies.
	The ubiquity of your company's products, as well as the breadth of the products it develops leads me to believe that your company is a great
	place to learn and gain experience. 
I believe that my 
	programming and scripting skills, experience circuit prototyping, and knowledge of electrical hardware fundamentals 
make me a good fit for this position.


In all my co-op positions I have been required to learn and utilise new hardware and software.
During my co-op term at UBC, I was tasked with the development of the code controlling a mini-MRI machine, which was written in C, C++ and Python.
During my work term at Honda Research Institute, the head tracking program I was tasked with was written in C++, and the experiments programs were
written in Python using a Psychology experiment focused package called PsychoPy.
%• Experience in C, Python, Java, JavaScript
I was tasked with the control of an automated 3D camera rig, where the rig was manipulated by four stepper motors.
This was achieved by powering the motors with a H-bridge circuit, and having a step-counter position programatically tracked with an Arduino 
microcontroller using a calibrating microswitch.
%• Experience with developing software control systems 
%• Experience in software/hardware modelling for simulations
%• Understanding of basic digital control theory and electrical hardware: inverters, power-meters, sensors 
%• Knowledge of hardware-in-loop testing
%• Familiarity and experience with Agile development process 
In many projects, communication between multiple devices was part of the specifications. 
It was achieved through USB pseudo-UART using the RS232 protocol.
%• Experience working with communication protocols: Modbus, CANbus, TCP/IP

As an individual I have had a track record of being enthusiastic while being even keeled. 
I am proavtive in bridging gaps in my knowledge and skills, and am motivated by learning new things.
As an engineering student, I have been subject to many short-term as well as term-length projects.
In many of these projects, I have had to present the results of the project before my peers and instructors.
Through the course of my time as a student, I have had to write many essays, proposals, reports and memoranda, giving me a deal of experience in writing.
Thank you for taking the time to read this cover letter.
I look forward to further discussing my qualifications with you in person.