421-2960 Princess Crescent,
Coquitlam, BC V3B 7P2

13th August 2014

Honeywell

Re: Electronics Engineer II Position (Job Number: 00244244) 

Dear Sir/Madam,

I began my university education with the intention of working in the field of research and development. This is because I am a firm believer that the 
surest way to positively impact our world is the creation of new technologies.
The ubiquity of your company's products, as well as the breadth of the products it develops leads me to believe that your company is a great
place to learn and gain experience. 
I believe that my programming and scripting skills, experience circuit prototyping, and knowledge of software development for microcontrollers 
make me a good fit for this position.

In my final year project, my team and I developed an Altera DE2 board-based solution for the control system for a scanning electron microscope,
which communicated to a host PC via RS-232, and a Nios II soft processor programmed in C was used to handle communication.
%• Programming (C, C++) of microcontrollers (PIC, LonWorks, FPGAs), multi-platform adaptability, high and low level programming, drivers, etc.
During my work term with Epic 3D Tech, I was tasked with the control of an automated 3D camera rig, where the rig was manipulated by four stepper motors.
This was achieved by powering the motors with a H-bridge circuit, and having a tracked position with a calibrating microswitch and 
programatically tracked with an Arduino microcontroller.
%• Electronic, analog / digital circuit design, test and troubleshooting. 
%• Previous experience designing electronics for stepper motor control and positioning
Throughout both my time at university and working at my various co-op positions, I have had to do quick prototyping using breadboards and 
breakout boards to test the behaviour of the circuitry.
%• Proficiency with rapid design and rapid prototyping: bare board manufacturing, building, testing and assembling various design concepts. 

As an individual I have had a track record of being enthusiastic while being even keeled. 
As an engineering student, I have been subject to many short-term as well as term-length projects.
In many of these projects, I have had to present the results of the project before my peers and instructors.
I am proactive in bridging gaps in my knowledge and skills, and am motivated by learning new things.
Through the course of my time as a student, I have had to write many essays, proposals, reports and memoranda, giving me a deal of experience in writing.
Thank you for taking the time to read this cover letter.
I look forward to further discussing my qualifications with you in person.

Regards,
Daniel Hon Kit Chong

Overview Responsibilities: 
The Electronics Engineer is responsible for detailed electronics engineering for the development and maintaining of Honeywell CD actuator products. 
Responsibilities include project management, design, development, implementation, integration, testing and validation of assigned products to meet 
defined product requirements.

• As part of a formalized product team, participate in development and production release of advanced paper machine actuators. This includes digital and analog signal processing, signal conditioning, communications, circuit design, and component specification and testing. Work includes producing prototype designs and carrying out alpha testing activities within the Honeywell development laboratories and supporting beta testing activities on customer sites. Work includes design for obsolescence replacements, new designs to replace legacy products, troubleshooting and failure analysis. All work is carried out in accordance with established ISO design control procedures and design for six sigma (DFSS) methodology. 
• Act as the electrical technical expert for CD Actuators electronics design, providing thorough circuit analysis for the company's electronics based products. 
• Participate in maintaining and improving engineering processes and methods to constantly improve efficiency and quality of work. This includes working with state of the art electronic engineering design and simulation tools. 
• Maintain accurate and up-to-date product documentation including standard designs, standard drawings, Bills Of Materials, assembly and test instructions, specifications, cost reports, forms, lists, procedures and manuals. 
• Provide technical support to manufacturing and Honeywell project group during the manufacturing and commissioning phases of projects 

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications: 
• Eligible to register as a PENG or EIT within 12 months of joining Honeywell
• Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Electrical or Electronics Engineering or equivalent combinations of education and experience. 
• 2+ year’s in-depth electronics engineering experience including design and engineering in an advanced technology environment
 
Additional Qualifications: 
• Knowledge in the design of products for industrial environments, electrical codes (national and international) and familiarity with software engineering practices. 
• Fluent in advanced engineering tools (Altium or similar). 
• Design experience with high frequency switching inverters and knowledge of power electronics circuit theory and calculation 
• Electrical design, Honeywell product and application knowledge, computerized engineering tools, PC based office productivity packages, and project management experience. 
• Hands on experience in designing and building testing equipment, cable and harness assemblies to validate a design concept. 
• 3D modeling using CAD software